hello and welcome to another modeling
video today we're going to review kazoo
jin-sun an extremely fine graphite that
you rub onto a surface with a q-tip or
cotton swab then buff with a cotton rag
to produce a metallic sheen this kit
contains 15 grams of the graphite a set
of gloves a dust mask which I believe is
inadequate for this job and two rubber
gloves personal protection is mandatory
where the gloves and a gas or particle
respirator the fine graphite can be
airborne and I bet it is extremely
harmful for your respiratory system I
will be using a primed 1 to 288 scale
goof kit for this product the gloves are
a good fit and can be used many times I
am mounting the pieces as if I were to
paint them and using a standard cotton
swab to apply the product it applies
fairly smoothly and extremely easily and
it's a hits the surface pretty well too
the reason why I think gloves is
required it could stick your hands
probably extremely difficult or
impossible to wash out and so that gives
a very cold Zink look to it before
buffing lightly buffing it brings out
the metallic sheen and immediately
becomes dry to the touch the finish is
quite amazing
yet still quite dull I believe with a
black undercoat we'll have a much true
chrome finish though I'm extremely
impressed with this products performance
so far at this stage I highly recommend
that you polish it all buff it further
by finishing with a clear coat on top to
protect it I'm sure how durable the
surface is though I am going to test
painting over this product using clear
blue as the group is colored blue
during further tests I have found this
chronic 6 - thanks quite easily and
joyous about any difficulty so top coat
is highly possible and you can also do a
candy
the next experiments gonna involve
masking putting the Tatsu over the mask
and also on top of a gloss black surface
to see its ultimate chrome look and then
only applying a clear coat on top so we
can appreciate the true nature of this
rub on compound naturally there was not
any problems and it looks absolutely
stunning and fantastic I do recommend
this product only for the serious
modeler as it is quite dangerous and you
probably should be overrating to use it
but you can get amazing results out of
it later on I will show a comparison
between a lacquered metallic surface and
this surface the kotatsu Gibson kits
produced by a wave can be bought from
most hobby import websites such as hobby
league Japan on the internet and in
conjunction with other products such as
polishes you can achieve a true mirror
finish on your model kits thank you for
watching and until next time